[Samples] Add samples for testing operations in Q# (#1732)
microsoft/qsharp: samples/testing/dump_operation/README.md

**Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.**  
**Licensed under the MIT License.**

> # Testing Operations in Modern QDK
> This sample project demonstrates different approaches to testing operations in Modern QDK, which unlike Classic QDK, doesn't support native Q# tests.

Reviewer: So far we've avoided specific references to the Classic QDK in our guidance here, since this QDK is expected to stand on it's own and not require folks to be familiar with the Classic QDK. I'd rephrase this as:
```suggestion
# Testing Operations in the QDK
This sample project demonstrates different approaches to testing operations in the QDK, both via Python and within Q# itself.
```

Reviewer: I don't think that is needed, the guidance you have put together here should be enough for anyone searching for information on testing.

## Testing Methods

> There are two primary ways to test operations in Modern QDK:

Reviewer: Same here, just refer to it as the QDK.
```suggestion
There are two primary ways to test operations in the QDK:
```

> 1. **Dumping Operation Output:**
>    - Use the `dump_operation` Python API to retrieve the operation's representation and compare it against the expected output.

Reviewer 2: Technically quantum operations don't have output, so this phrasing is confusing. I'd clarify that it's matrix representation instead
```suggestion
1. **Using Operation Matrix Representation:**
   - Use the `dump_operation` Python API to retrieve the operation's representation as a matrix and compare it against the expected matrix.
```

2. **Q# `Fact` Assertions:**

>    - Define a `Fact` function in your Q# code that uses the `CheckOperationsAreEqual` operation to verify if two operations are identical. The `Fact` function asserts that the check returns `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Use a `Fact` function in your Q# code that uses the `CheckOperationsAreEqual` operation to verify if two operations are identical. The `Fact` function asserts that the check returns `true`.
```

## Project Structure
This sample project is a multi-file Q# project that showcases both testing methods. The project structure is as follows:

- src
    - "BellState.qs": Q# file containing the `AllBellStates` operation to be tested
    - "Test_SWAP.qs": Q# file containing the `ApplySWAP1` and `ApplySWAP2` operations to be tested
    - "OperationEquivalence.qs": Q# file containing the `TestEquivalence` operation to be called in python wrapper
- "qsharp.json": Q# project configuration file

> - test_dump_operation.py: "Python wrapper containing tests"

Reviewer 2: This list uses inconsistent formatting for file names (using quotes or not) and text (last line has the next explanation in quotes). Let's unify; I don't think we need quotes for file names, if we want to highlight them, ` works better, and we don't need quotes around text

## Installation
- Install the `qsharp` python package by following the instructions mentioned [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/install-overview-qdk#add-support-for-python-and-jupyter-notebooks).
- Install `pytest` python package.

## Running the sample

> Open the `samples/testing/dump_operation` directory, and run `pytest` command.

Reviewer 2: The directory name emphasizes one of the operations used in testing, but since the project has grown to show two approaches, I would rename it to emphasize the kind of thing we test instead - call it just "operations", so that the whole path says "testing operations"

## Reference Links:
- [Q# Testing guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/user-guide/testing-debugging).

> - [Getting started with modern QDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/install-overview-qdk)

Reviewer: Here too, this can just be the QDK.
```suggestion
- [Getting started with the QDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/install-overview-qdk)
```
